My recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities are as following:

1.	Move the Web Service Instance into the "Private Subnet 1" and block any access to this instance from the internet, except from the ALB. Additionally a NAT can be created in the "Trusted Public Internet 1" to allow secure access to this instance for internet. This is for patching or any critical internet access. Other than this NAT, all exposure to the internet should be blocked. Same should be applied to the other instance "Attack Simulation Instance". No instance should remain insecure in all subnets.
2.	Hardening the instance security by configuring the instances with Instance Metadata Service Version 2 (IMDSv2). So that the HttpTokens is set to required. This should be applied to the two instances.
3.	EBS encryption should be enabled by default. The EBS volumes that are being attached to the EC2 instances should be encrypted.
4.	configure redirection from HTTP to HTTPS on all HTTP listeners of ALB. This is because there is an HTTP listener of ALB do not have HTTP to HTTPS redirection configured.
5.	Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22	
6.	Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 3389	
7.	Ensure the default security group of every VPC restricts all traffic	
8.	Ensure multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled for all IAM users that have a console password	
9.	Ensure VPC flow logging is enabled in all VPCs	
10.	Ensure IAM password policy requires minimum password length of 14 or greater	
11.	Ensure IAM policies are attached only to groups or roles	
12.	Ensure IAM password policy prevents password reuse	
13.	Ensure IAM password policy expires passwords within 90 days or less	
14.	Ensure CloudTrail is enabled in all regions	
15.	Ensure CloudTrail logs are encrypted at rest using KMS CMKs	
16.	Ensure CloudTrail trails are integrated with CloudWatch Logs	
17.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for unauthorized API calls	
18.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for Management Console sign-in without MFA	
19.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for usage of "root" account	
20.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for IAM policy changes	
21.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for CloudTrail configuration changes	
22.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for AWS Management Console authentication failures	
23.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for disabling or scheduled deletion of customer created CMKs	
24.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for S3 bucket policy changes	
25.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for AWS Config configuration changes	
26.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for security group changes	
27.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for changes to Network Access Control Lists (NACL)	
28.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for changes to network gateways	
29.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for route table changes	
30.	Ensure a log metric filter and alarm exist for VPC changes	
31.	Ensure a support role has been created to manage incidents with AWS Support	
32.	Ensure the S3 bucket used to store CloudTrail logs is not publicly accessible	
33.	Ensure S3 bucket access logging is enabled on the CloudTrail S3 bucket
